friends the news of the year of the month of
century the anti-k king
it is not going to apply to who in your child
another one that enters I go but it enters not me
I'm going to see what happens or see what you want
democracy spain democracy is laughing
yes but the problem is that we are
watching all the time on television
special programs about the king about
your life great athlete
but nobody tells us why he is now
after a week after the
elections
and has not chopped before or after
open your eyes
from here a year and a half there is again
general elections
and this time
psoe and pp that are the ones that support the
monarchy have had 49 percent of
the votes in the last ones previous to
these 81 percent is easy every
a year and a half do not reach 30
you know that for the king to abdicate
the parliament must approve with majority
simple the abdication and give way to his
son
with 51%
it turns out that a year and a half is
possible that between pp psoe of sumen and a
30 because all the left groups
Republicans who do not have monarchy
because it is an unnecessary expense and
great for our country where there
people who are homeless and die
of hunger and are not words are facts
we do not need more expenses expenses of
representation we already have the
diplomats but remove the
embassies and consulates
therefore open the eyes of here a
year and a half would not have been possible to be
possible nothing of application is even
that was submitted to referendum possibly
that the monarchy exists and it would have left
not
Thus
the king stops having immunity
diplomatic but here is to mess with him
but your child acquires it, that is, not
can be tried
and for a year and a half at least
he makes sure to keep putting his hand
and this is a truth
that unfortunately many do not dare to
tell
Y
the truth